# joinify
Homelessness project for helping the less fortunate build an online business to allow their genius to be let out for whoever will listen. Should require no money or digital trade to initiate registration and be available for anyone with a wifi connection to start building at any pace or level. This will be a step by step approach for any age or experience level. No restricted access to "next" lessons or steps. There will be an advanced section and this will be the only section/segment that will have an option to pay monthly or donate. 

I'm sure there are many projects like this out there as charities or for low-budget. This is a fairly new project but the idea has been brewing and needs to boil.  Automation Project that might also be involving ebay, ecommerce, digital marketing, multi-social sales channels, and google. Ebay would be an easy choice to use as part of an ecosystem. It's easy approval and the learning curve is exremely low and I have been a Titanium powerseller with them before and can add some training with that. 

A basic overview would include that this will be an affiliate marketing training platform for beginners(nothing like Clickbank, though we may use their products among other companies) with community efforts using BUDDYPRESS... and an LMS to be later installed (possibly LearnDash but it's expensive). A mission that is similar to Wealthy Affiliate. This project sparked from real-life homelessness experience of 6 months living in a car so it is to be targeted toward homeless people or, in other words, the less-fortunate and struggling. This could turn into something I may not be able to chew after diving in biting off what means something deeper than a cool website... however, these people need help, a savior type platform where all one needs is a library card and wifi. Preferably an underground message until I have the quantity of members by word of mouth, wouldn't want some governor interested with bright eyes and bushy ideas to step up waiting for a curtain to draw. I appreciate any help... I admire what everyone does here at GH. Thanks for your interests. Dan ~ joinify.co/

